---
layout: post
title: Minutes 2019-04-29
date: 2019-05-02
---

## Steering Committee Meeting Minutes, Tuesday, April 29, 2019 6:30p-8:30p
### Louisville Free Public Main Library North Building Board Room

#### Attendance
* Kehontas Rowe
* Loren Hill
* Bret Walker - Minutes
* Robert Kahne - Chair
* Chris Harrell
* Dawn Howard

Meeting called to order. 

Robert moved to accept mins
Bret seconded
Approved

##### No new reports of Officers, Boards, Standing Committees.

##### Reports of Special Committees.

###### Renters' Rights Update
* Loren talked to MHC and they're excited to continue working with us on this app
* Loren has also talked to Urban League
* We will try to schedule a meeting with partners before the next meeting
* Bret, Loren, Kehontas will try to get together by May 10
* Kehontas may have contact from River City Housing

###### Center for Health Equity Project Update
* Angela came to last meeting
* Robert got some people from R Stats Meetup
* Jake Mercer, Eric Cook, and Robert met
* Center for Health Equity wanted to look at jail data
* Center for Health Equity came out with research questions and the working group worked through questions w data
* Working group met with Center for Health Equity and presented their data, got feedback, and are polishing up what they're working on
* Robert will try to get together w working group and figure out how to publish
* (Cross talk about budget cuts)
* Bret brought up how to publish the data, research, and open up future work for additional collaborators
* Robert will try to talk about work at R Stats meetup

##### No Special Orders.

##### Unfinished Business and General Orders. 

* Robert brought up expanding the steering committee
* Pat Smith has constrints on his time and had to step down
* Kehontas discussed making an open call for steering committee members
* Kehontas and Robert discussed inviting partners to consider joingin the steering committee
* Loren brought up reaching out to people from our initial organizational meeting
* Various people spoke about reaching out to contacts they know

##### New Business.

* Bret asked about another large meetup
* Robert said we had discussed meeting quarterly
* Board discusssed holding meeting in July, possibly July 20
* Robert discussed bringing in someone to talk about KORA
* Chris discussed an open data ordinance session

* Scheduled next meeting for 6:30pm May 31, 2019

No further business. 

Bret moved for meeting to adjourned
Kehontas seconded
Meeting adjourned

